hi my name is Lisa and I'm a hair
stylist in Wilmington North Carolina and
I'm going to talk about how to create
wavy hair from the 70s so basically what
we're going to do is start with dry hair
and a curling iron and our model has
long layers so we're going to have a our
finished look is going to be kind of a
soft long curls in the 70s people had
long layered hair and it was the perfect
cut to support a wavy hairstyle in our
case we're going to create the waves
with a with about an inch inch wide
barrel curling iron with like an
inch-and-a-half thick sections so you
can heat up your curling iron and then
you create your little curls in your
sections
so for demonstration purposes we're
going to do a couple of curls here I'm
using what's called a Marcel iron it
doesn't have a spring held handle you
have to actually hold the handle with
your hand but it has a a rotating handle
and it kind of makes for faster curling
iron usage so in our case we're just
going to sort of finger style her hair
and as you can see that's a knight
creates a nice soft wave after which you
can spray down with your hairspray of
choice and that is how to create wavy
hair like they did in the 70s